( I.M.F ) Head Office
Senior Resident Representative
9 Hon. Justice Mohammed Bello St.
Asokoro Abuja
Tel:+234-
REF:-XVGNN82010
E-mail: RR-NG@imf.org
 
 
Attention; Fund Beneficiary,
 
 
 
This is to intimate you of a very important information which will be of a great help to redeem you from all the difficulties you have been experiencing in getting your long over due payment, due to excessive demand for money from you by both corrupt Bank
officials and Courier Companies after which your fund remain unpaid to you.
 
 
 
I am Dr Amine Mati, a highly placed official of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). It may interest you to know that reports have reached our office by so many correspondences on the uneasy way which people like you are treated by Various Banks and
Courier Companies/Diplomat across Europe to Africa and Asia /London UK. We have decided to put a stop to that and that is why I
was appointed to handle your transaction here in Nigeria.
 
 
 
All Governmental and Non-Governmental prostates, NGOs,Finance companies, Banks, Security Companies and Courier companies which have been in contact with you of late have been instructed to back off from your transaction and you have been advised NOT to respond to them anymore since the International Monetary Fund (IMF) is now directly in charge of your payment. Your name appeared in our payment schedule list of beneficiaries that will receive their funds in this last quarter payment of the year because we only transfer fund twice in a year according to our banking regulation. We apologize for the delay of your payment and please stop
communicating with any office now and attention to our office payment accordingly.
 
 
 
Now your new Payment, United nation Approval No; UN5685P,
White House Approved No: WH44CV, Reference No.-35460021,
Allocation No:674632 Password No: 339331, Pin Code No: 55674 and your Certificate
of Merit Payment No: 103, Released Code No: 0763; Immediate (IMF)
Telex confirmation No: -1114433; Secret Code No: XXTN013.
 
 
 
Your part payment inheritance fund is USD$10.7Million.Having received these vital payment numbers, therefore you are qualified now
to received and confirm your payment with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) African Region immediately within the next 168hrs.
We assure you that your payment will get to you as long as you follow my directives and instructions. We have decided to give you aCODE, THE CODE IS:601. Please, any time you receive a mail with the name Dr Amine Mati , check if there is CODE (601)if the code is not written,please delete the massage from your box!
 
 
 
You are hereby advised NOT to remit further payment to any institutions with respect to your transaction as your fund will be
transferred to you directly from our source. I hope this is clear. Any action contrary to this instruction is at your own risk. Respond to this e-mail on (imfng601@gmail.com) with immediate effect and we shall give you further details on how your fund will
be released.
 
 
 
Regards,
Dr Amine Mati.
Senior Resident Representative